Storyboard for The Caves of Antiquorum
Original Story by Joseph Alberici

Act 1 - Player in room, wanders about. First key in tunneling. Wall collapses in behind him. 

Act 2 - Player needs to find out how to clear the rubble and ends up getting lost in the cave (can’t even find the rubble). 
Once they find an explosive device they head back to the original point

Act 3 - The player tries to destroy the rubble and finds a room marked with weird slimy tentacle like appendages 
rising from the ground. The word “Arenam” marks the opposite side of the room and in the middle of the room there 
is a podium with a shitty dagger laying on it. The player discovers more lore surrounding their environment as they 
explore this area. There is a book on the ground in one of the hallways, if they read it they find out its a pocket 
dimension controlled by a Sea God which manifests itself as the beast the player sees in hieroglyphics. This is all 
very fragmented information and subtle. There are enemies in certain rooms, often like large rats and spiders, but 
occasionally the undead. The undead usually have better gear, but are extremely hard to kill in the beginning of 
this act. However, if the player dies they start at the beginning of act 3 with the weapons they have encountered. 
There should be a RNG for what type of equipment the undead have with good weapons being rare. You could implement 
this into the text by having a quote “Undead soldier wields ” + rngWeapon where rngWeapon is a string that corresponds 
to an RNG number. Each weapon should just have an attack and durability stat. If you want to implement armor go for 
it, I don’t think armor should have durability. Durability will also be RNG and decreases by one every time the player 
attacks, when it reaches zero the weapon is no longer usable. Fists should do the minimum damage. 

Act 4 - `They explore the caves and uncover secrets about how to defeat the Sea God. At the end of this act they 
face a mini boss which is another human the “Apostle of the Sea God”

Act 5 - The Sea God has been angered with the death of his Apostle. The caves around the player start to crumble 
away and the player can make physical contact with the god. The souls of all those who died in the cave aid the player 
by forming the armor of Liberation. 

Act 6 - The player faces the Sea God 

Epilogue - After defeating the Sea God the player wakes up back in the original room with a key called the Heart 
of Gold which unlocks the original door
